1. Had a real bad stink about me washing the coffee pot, she doesn't even drink my coffee, and it was already washed.
2. She says things at times past there expiration date, like not following any form of Consiousness.
3. When fighting with Walter, gives me these looks like I've done something wrong.
4. What she wears is sort of bulging, and she calls herself the big guard.
5. Had a real motivation to get at my goods for clients that work for me, saying know one is going to know me.
6. Had something wrong with her phone usage, not really caring about me 
7. Says she always talks with her daughter, but does she really even say anything 
8. Doesn't really practice everything and nothing, making big deals out of little things thinking the mind and mentality aren't intact to deliver vital nutrition to not cause a disturbance 
9. Had something negative about me from someone I used to know treating me bad saying they will teach her English 
10. I want nothing to do with her first snack and she thinks that a snack is required to read a train of thought, otherwise the thought is void and expired and she isn't it trouble.
11. Has a schizophrenia delusion that anyone wants to hear her when they engage in what they are doing with me.
12. Is silent when you tell her sorry.
13. Wants her story known but won't buy a laptop.
14. Has something even more when she engages in me, wants something about me to fail 
15. Proves what there would be for her hasn't happened through denying my possibility.
16. Believes people work for her instead of working on her own.
17. Has a demand to be back to normal when punished, claiming she never changes, well we say you did in fact get a reprint.
18. Has requests for me to go slower, but we travel faster than her underscore ass.
19. We think about how she doesn't really belong, and she says I own more than you.
20. Has a diphtheria, not wanting to engage in tasks with roommates.
21. Wants some disguise to hurt people.
22. Says bad things are legal and won't correct her mistakes.
23. Isn't really happy about a accident 
24. Doesn't know I broke my leg and continues saying I don't know why you are important, and I just say information travels faster.
25. Wants to believe in a second of bad redeeming saying things are her fault and now she is there guard.
26. Works like rivers are suns, saying she swears she is a Heather.
27. Wanted something as for helping a poor person, and then they would take my space.
28. Thinks nothing of my kidnapped daughter, tries to say I haven't experienced birth and wants like a talk from my daughter to change her impression of me who has done so much for my pregnancy.
29. Says I should have a wisdome talk to her about my birth rights, and I don't like it, I don't like that she isn't on ete asking questions and wasting time.
30. Young brains is kind of what I think she is scared of, because she goes silent 
31. Has had no affiliation with my family except for them dieing.
32. Wants all of her ways to show when she denies, because she tries to confuse the brain.
33. Has no US pop culture, trying to leech off me saying some layover band of the past was better than me.
34. Says I have hard thoughts instead of her changing.
35. Invents some reality of brain focus calling me out for thinking I would be better than her with my experience not my facts.
36. Wants demands for service and we say service is really a guessing game.
37. Fights me when people I love talk to me 
38. Has a struggle with letting go thinking police are her helper.
39. Wasn't the most smiley person.
40. Is what I know can be dangerous in a hospital.
41. Instead of karaoke just plays the music loud.
42. Has a drive in mind, and doesn't file sage.
43. Wants some Santa but disregards the all living equation.
44. Will say in advantage to herself will disregard charges from people meaning she would rather go through some long standing process brain controlling people instead of doing what I say.
45. Has something wrong with her sun, always coming across a cold person.
46. Says she hasn't seen me and it was about farting, stupid el salvadorean.
47. Wants more from plants yet hasn't made a cookbook.
48. And will be proud about comparing skills of me getting good with people saying she never has had chances. It all starts with actual talking, specifically a comparison between me and my publisher where she says I'll never get to publish instead of I'll talk to someone.
49. Wants to be featured in films and won't ask for me to watch one with her 
50. Was dingy about me using her clothes saying I didn't give it to you.
51. Has a drum recall, trying to lives that are with her that she doesn't want them 
52. Hasn't really representing pancake, claiming that her kids only have her and their dad.
53. Was really boring about ownership I have, HM.
54. In the reminder that there weren't any friends over, claims I have no friends 
55. Keeps playing my ethic quota, saying you have no friend sand doesn't understand why that is good, but then when I want to talk to someone says there is a huge process and I shouldn't get excited or anything.
56. Didn't know quantifying my tattoo was my heart height, and really ticked me off throwing my packet I gave her away.
57. Hasn't sat down to study at all, wanting to just sleep and cook food 
58. Was playing hard to get saying insult to me that I don't believe this is happening 
59. Has tried to possess my mentality claiming if you own then I can own, despite the difference in all living or all not living from tattoo.
60. Has a deep love of Hispanic, I don't empathize.
62. Wanted riches from telling me anything and said that's how it works instead of acknowledging life and being accepting of the person for what they are.
63. Doesn't fill up with gratitude claiming she just wants gifts from people.
64. Has a direct immediate problem with asking me if I have enemies saying reasons why she tells me no.
65. Has a dream of her possessing my clouds, claiming why don't I stay up all night.
66. Risks a lot just to be right.
67. Thinks people fuck her over when really she has a confidence issue, that's why she doesn't try to make friends in her dreams.
68. Was saying people need to help her instead of of her picking up and routing a subject.
69. They say they want to be me because it takes to long to be themselves for learning English.
70. Wanted to have someone stop down to her accept fail meter saying they have to compliment her and put her in a position to be better than me.
71. Has no use for pity, and then wants something about her being livid.
72. Wasn't the best idea for going to the store with, has a bad temper and doesn't know of the things that exist to me.
73. Has some real developed gists of being at home saying people need guards and checkers instead of relaxed.
74. Pauses as a time waster, claiming that things that waste time are good 
75. Makes me think of what I don't have time for and doesn't change, going for some people who will compliment her and give back a report saying she is better than.
76. Likes to spread and talk gossip, saying cigaro like 5 million times.
77. Has drifts of thought projection saying she is protecting herself from me.
78. Has really bad angles for doing good, and has good angles doing bad 
79. Resourcing what she says is out of the question.
80. Didn't reveal a time that she became a woman, saying she just has her ways 
81. Doesn't really understand sophistication with a messy closet.
82. When she is threatened she says we will get another roommate and we disagree.
83. Says only the big guy can change me, doesn't really make sense.
84. Was told that the big guy will wreck me if she is wrong, and wrong is wrong. 
85. Has something really made for her bipolar, not Walter.
86. Is aloof to psychology claiming she plays a game to make me mad, I don't like being mad which means I don't like you.
87. Was thought for claiming that she doesn't understand being with someone low.
88. Thinks she is a spray magnet, blowing covers thinking talking like this is normal for an underscore 
89. Doesn't participate in universes saying there is something I don't know.
90. Has brought home donuts a lot, she is not my mom.
91. Wasn't thought about in heaven saying she can't control anyone.
92. Was driven for personal emptiness claiming she didn't think in school.
93. When approached to ice she gives an attitude saying I don't know that instead of being creative and not getting caught.
94. Was rinsing her body the wrong way, I notice where she holds her anger, unlike me in ete who doesn't have anger issues.
95. Thinks I'm a guide and it's really annoying because I have things to do.
96. Was the reminder that strangers are dangers.
97. In her fate doesn't see things in the market style way, taking these things on herself in the wrong way. I'm very creative so trying to support myself in music and writing.
98. Has not introduced me to how she lives and then thinks she can hurt my friend circle.
99. Was acting like she is dumb when Walter said she controls her.
100. Has claims against my country saying we're just obsessed with facts instead of of feelings.
101. In her grace would remind me of a sludge ball.
102. Says she provides a negative energy so that I see her naked, instead of me being pure.
103. Has a distinct house install problem with people saying they don't want to work.
104. Has a lot of purple times, never really blue or happy.
105. Upon entering the house, will say one greeting in the same time as me which means she is hiding something.
106. Hasn't grown out of the drugs being helpful zones that happen when your in your 20s claiming she didn't know what to do.
107. Was a drinker at one point in her life claiming it's a yes or no game showing paranoia about the subject.
108. Thinks everything is socio economic an do truthfully have to say I don't think they do things I empathize with which means no they are not in my circle.
109. They always argue saying they have to do something for me to be safe otherwise they aren't rich LA girls.
110. Has a bad attitude about my dad even saying he is dead.
111. Has negative energy about asking permission rlti my parents realizing she doesn't know why she gives me food.
112. Has a bad energy about saying I owe her for food when it was her prerogative, and says I know I will be here in your making you feel guilty when I never feel guilty especially over food.
113. Says she can't do anything but court and I don't have time for her dreams they aren't for her improvement.
114. Has a lot of baggage from her parents who still haven't talked to me.
115. Has a negative energy and hosts proven enemies to try and make me mad.
116. Instead of going for the rights, says healing is from another person making a piece from their body.
117. Has a bad energy about using hair products, not saying compliments to my hair and saying I know you wish your hair looked like mine.
118. Doesn't relax to dreams about hair saying it can hurt her.
119. Doesn't like to get wide, saying everything is close or far 
120. Has a drunk look trying to give blow jobs, instead of a empress like me.
121. And she reads very seldom, not using Asian connects.
122. Looks like a trout girl who just gets caught instead of hearing her life.
123. Foolishly got a divorce with her kids dad claiming that her kids will have some sort of fun with that toxic stress.
124. Wasn't the reminder that having and holding are more important than social status.
125. Was a bad influence for bipolar saying she is waiting to die for having three kids.
126. Was saying she would be much better off without me in their life saying I confused them and I say your rotten daughter doesn't know how to wash her hands.
127. Has something wrong with her body because she doesn't run for her life when the answer comes her way.
128. Makes a delusion when she is wrong that she is in jail, claiming that she wasn't right instead of realizing there is something to do.
129. She just has a schizophrenia of being wrong in her future because she won't calm down and just gets mad about when she is called out for being a danger and unsafe.
130. Has no chef breath claiming this is all she does, unlike me.
131. Has a belief in events instead of owning up to her incorrectly utilized brain.
132. Has this hold that she once thought of being known true and okay, and she hates when people have made it like me.
133. Is over zealous claiming what there would be is the bonding, and I should want to jond with them instead of living my life.
134. Has something hosted to tell her if we're negative about her, and the tattoo is why and we have had to fight saying we're better than so many times.
135. And when lied to she says never forgive instead of checking zinger.
136. Doesn't understand buying schedules saying something will go wrong with my account.
137. Has a peanut brain feeling attracted when white people that are mut and in fashions show there face to her saying let me take you for a ride.
138. Wasn't fair in saying I have done nothing to her, saying what I have done won't come up, and it did and then she said I'm not a liar.
139. And they talk like I don't have a future claiming that I owe them time without patience.
140. Has a bad breathe claiming she brushes her teeth all the time.
141. Said she will help Walter trying to denote my teeth and smile through disobeying without the all are living tattoo.
142. Has no question so far just acting.
143. Wasn't really a pregnancy midwife, being abrasive and unconforming.
144. Has a feature of sex saying she likes to play, instead of something serious she kind of says I'm better than, very immature.
145. Than thinks having sex with Walter makes me jealous and no.
146. Doesn't think sex isnt permanently trying to hurt my body.
147. Is a suffering code, that is what I learned from poles.
148. Has something negative about her value, claiming she likes witchcraft.
149. Wasn't an apolegetic about the way she doesn't know me, having bad attitudes and using her imagination without my permission.
150. Was really flakey about my feelings, not asking me for 3 years if I need to spend time with someone else, something I have been very good at recgonizing for a long time. 
151. Playing wanted has really made her happy.
152. Has something about saying I'm not wearing underwear, saying the word calzone like I'm wrong.
153. Will tell me to put on my shoes with has nothing to do with my morals or values and I don't think Walters negative energy is something to subscribe to. I can wear no shoes if I want to.
154. Doesn't say an honest answer to her knowing me, which is no I'm not her doctor 
155. Has claimed to be my doctor several times saying she won't listen to you and being a negative energy from not knowing how the body works.
156. Says my full family is all doctors, and now they work on you. Well no this was only used for fighting and I prefer my pancake.
157. Doesn't have the finesse to be my friend because she doesn't entrust nature over a person.
158. Has a really bad back odor, claiming she wants to be part of my information so that I am less beautiful.
159. And has bad feelings with good music like she missed the starting gun.
160. Has a unfair way of her poles, claiming if I breathe her pole will now annoy me.
161. Has no future in money because she is a slave and she dies.
162. Doesn't have a decency to want to hide negative things from me, instead I get that she would be beligerant and outright when told there is a leak in her system.
163. Doesn't provide a solid basis of being right comes from practicing and being on drugs.
164. Has a really bad fight about brains saying she wants me to feel her wrecking my brain.
165. Tries to be anonymous not realizing it comes with lots of money.
166. Will use her daughter to find bad attributes which she won't find in me, because I own a better business bureau.
167. Wasn't the program for a bettering from obtaining information through conversation, instead schemes until not going.
168. Has something wrong with her ear and she won't admit guilt 
169. She hasn't asked me for any music and my name is Mulloy.
170. Wasn't the incentive to do better, claiming learning is exhausting.
171. Has a bad attitude about disease claiming disease forever lives and she would rather help diseases than people.
172. Has a negative bribing attitude which is why she has no money.
173. Was in the reminder that anything can be taken from her saying she will hide in me so that my stuff is taken and like I said I'm succeeded so it is seen as her trying to kill people because they won't win, in always better than.
174. She will not stop and listen to her life instead of of instigating on how I feel about myself.
175. Has bad memories and they are not my problem.
176. I don't want to sign them on because they tend to be bold instead of gentle.
177. Identifying what there is in a system comes up about and she gets mad that I am better.
178. Produces what was flown on the purpose of kids was to be abusive and says my kids are in detention.
179. Has poor life qualities that expect help without thinking about her own performanc. Who would want that?
180. Would ask me who I love more, and I don't like her.
181. Supports her daughter in taking my boyfriend saying he will get rich quick.
182. Thinks my daughter is against my well being, claiming she won't support anything perfect.
183. Ignores ambigiatory functions which is irresponsible.
184. Will say she isn't right and keep commiting to the wrong action.
185. When told it hasn't happened yet will say I will make it happen.
186. Neglects house law being negative on how I do things saying I have her in my advances. She will never be in my advances.
187. Will wait there until I'm wrong and I'm never wrong.
188. Thinks that they can experience my birth rights without money and I don't have dollars for her.
189. Thinks of getting used to it which means she is disrespectful.
190. Will try to make things better without being asked to which means she is disrespectful.
191. Has really bad voodoo, blacks don't like her.
192. Has the obvious home in something preferred and we don't work preferences we work practice.
193. Is kind of old school not liking things that are new.
194. Will sit in a swamp making bracelets and has no advances for what she creates.
195. Plays some passion to destruction which it will come back to bite you.
196. Thinks she is memorable in her acute state saying she will become the worst instead of of the best.
197. Has something wrong about her planned parenthood claiming she wants to have sex at random and disregards the chart.
198. Doesn't realize truth and false in a pregnancy thinking she is the one in power without a life of knowing the answer.
199. Produces a fact, planning to tell me come on and then says she will try everything to make me happy. I'll never be happy with someone who has killed my family.
200. Is something suspicious with medical technique claiming she won't be a friend to higher partners in our medicine practice 
201. Was saying do I believe in criminal behavior and I tell her my dad is a doctor and she feels bad for herself.
202. Has bad questions about doctor's such as does he use a stethoscope 
203. She has a bad attitude about me having action claiming I'm making life hard 
204. She says if she kills my dad that she will have patience and then take over and control the US.
205. Says things matter when they don't.
206. Wants to twist my dad into a pretzel because she will never have as much money as.
207. Will argue about what my daughter does to me claiming it's not fair guided by Walter claiming he wants to hurt me for getting pregnant 
208. Leads the way in saying people become people instead of becoming their music.
209. Has no thoughts when called ugly.
210. Was asking me if I think when people call me ugly.
211. Has no design proven for her sub Carpathian.
212. Doesn't like being instructed claiming she gets bored.
213. Has a wrong way of acid using her genitals to confuse who wanted to do acid with me.
214. Has something hanging out of her stomach from Nordic disobeying.
215. And will say she is going to annoy me with her wishes until there are changes. Your life is your life and I can't change it.
216. Fishing for coins of my thoughts that are happy about her saying that's it I have a thought from you instead of using thoughts to propell what you do in person.
217. Has never amazed me and says that because I am not amazed that something bad will happen to me.
218. When she tells me I'm wrong about the kitchen she says she prepared a whole script instead of being natural. I always deny it because it comes off as rude where she says I am wrong and she is right. No, I am right.
219. Has no reason for me to need her therefore she hushes up and does nothing.
220. Says she is on a new finding, but won't get the tattoo. Annoying and immature.
221. Doesn't realize the equal or opposite reaction saying things come from discipline. No they come from antidisestablishmentarianism.
222. Was featured for having sex meaning she doesn't have protected sex.
223. Wasn't the best vagina claiming people are poor in Europe.
224. Wasn't a real attraction to mine, I just want her to go.
225. Has something bad in Asia called bad be gone, not really ever able to relax when people recognize that she is treated bad, claiming that she won't get better and random people will be entertained.
226. Isn't very blyth, is kind of shont and scary.
227. Will claim something is wrong with her, therefore something is wrong with you, it doesn't work that way thanks to pancakes 
228. Wasn't very pray with me, saying she is going to destroy an operation on her own.
229. Claims I use the word operation to the deepest parts of me because I used the word operation once, nonwere a practice and we really don't like negative attention.
230. Claims that we are saved by her instead of our pancake.
231. Is not the review for the country she is born in, claiming she is no fun for where she is born which is why people don't like her.
232. If she had a fear she would think it is a medical crisis instead of of a way to learn.
233. Hasn't blamed anyone is her attitude and thinks because we teach her one thing that she deserves all of the teachings.
234. Wasn't the reminder of life happens pretty fast, claiming that she doesn't know what time is.
235. Wants a due time instead of an open and free time, kind of more under the gun unlike us on ete.
236. Has something wrong with her tongue, saying I don't suck dick and gets hurt for not being a dog and a garden as a personality.
237. Will say my friends are her friends even when we're in an I love you sesh.
238. In her astonishment of us practicing how to kick her out, take great offense instead of proving an attractive personality trait.
239. Doesn't identify with Germans saying killing people was fun.
240. Is used like a happen not having the IQ to sufficiently create bond for herself.
241. Would prefer to be found than self sustaining.
242. Claims to like something you do and not to like you.
243. Has a question and our feeling was to really not care about her. She must have done something negative that was in a dream.
244. Was at the last second of life without me and claimed that there are too many people that work for her to believe it was me.
245. Was something negative about me not trying, saying she needs a direct representation of trying.
246. When reworded, it says you then me and no one, kind of dangerous to always deal in planets. I recommend not believe, you and me.
247. Works like brains aren't her decision, saying she has to tell someone at a change but then take sit too seriously wanting to tell them what it looks like then gets scared not knowing who they are.
248. Will say most people treat like trash to her which is why she treats my friend like trash, not recgonizing that traveling happens through my body.
249. At finding okay with one of my friends, she has like an epileptic seizure, meaning she is trying to curse me in Spanish.
250. Her birthday meant no one in, because she admits not doing enough. Why not get on a laptop and make something happen for herself 
251. Has a problem with not liking printers, claiming she doesn't know what to print 
252. Has a problem with typing claiming she doesn't know who she is connected to and I've try to stress to her that nature is more important than a person.
253. Wasn't the review for the day, claiming if I talk to my TV about what I have been getting for meals that they take offense saying that what I have is given by them that I have to ask permission. Overworking someone's brain is a crime.
254. And they have depression from staying on for 3 years straight saying they control who I think about.
255. They don't identify with doing on own saying someone has to always introduce subjects.
256. We find them inferior being agnostic because they always believe instead of trying not believe 
257. They don't regularly check the not believe category claiming their heart attack will happen in the grocery store.
258. They get lied to a lot, it's hard to like them.
259. They don't inquire on what offers I have, yet touch my offer line in my body claiming they will waste me and my friends time.
260. Has a bad attitude about thinking University saying enemy is first.
261. I don't think of myself as bad and neither should she.
263. Really made a bad impression in hurting saying he will help Walters dream in hurting me, since he got spotted by Enterprise saying he will loose therefore he invited norma to live with us in order to get me off my high horse 
264. Was trying to hurt my dad by saying don't stop and that he can fail after I fail, and norma just says que.
265. They start identifying with things I know claiming I already know when i dish up what the equal breaction is.
266. Tried to act like my daughter saying she is a fever and a killer clumsy napper saying this isn't your daughter, and acted amazed that I was awake.
267. Isn't very comfortable with government services.
268. Accepts and denied my business partner saying if she is bad she can be around you.
269. Properly advanced as the word was due, but when she is told to redeem she takes offense.
270. Has really wrong establishment saying her government doesn't like her claiming she isn't liked, therefore can she have my government.
271. Proving what was owned has no relevance to them, making vlainsbtonchange my schedule whenever they want.
272. Has bad uses of the body and won't ask permission to use them, making my husband to cry saying I never want to be bad.
273. In another position will say she was right, I know I was wrong there but now I'm right because what I said before isn't my life now.
274. Has some problem with knowledge not knowing what a voice is.
275. Wants nothing from developed things because she feels low in ego.
276. Thinks I want to be noticed for one second for being smart and then said I should return to her because I would like them more then being recognized. No, unlike my time being happy more than some wacked out form of discipline.
277. Wants my husband to say never claiming they were in that part of my brain.
278. Was working a hard time so I like myself more and I didn't ask her for that.
279. Has something unmanageable about being with family saying that's why bad things happen.
280. Says virginities are strict instead of lost everyday.
281. Was told a lot about how I am right which means she doesn't think of virginity as anything but sex.
282. Has some really bad friends who don't have her best interest.
283. Wasn't the written rights, kind of drifts around not demanding what she wants to be, because she can't think straight without the tattoo 
284. Produces something negative about my providence experiences claiming what you do is what I do.
285. Has itches that show she is on the run from India.
286. Has long lost history which makes her less excited about making history.
287. Possibly has sexual transmitted disease scares meaning tobher she has to have sex with someone she met as a kid. Which in theory is correct, but it kind of reduces libido chances.
288. Was the rock from the paper and scissors, meaning she likes to kill.
289. Was a cum swallower trying to get men to like her and use against me 
290. Has some stench from wrong foods meaning she doesn't feed her body what it wants.
291. Is a need for dominion, where she can't kill the snake but she can harass and waste time with.
292. Wanting something more from her ways going shopping often instead of critically thinking of how to make money.
293. Has a deep rise deficiency, not getting enough time to spend with her meridian.
294. Has me saying she will change and I know she doesn't like to be the center of attention.
295. This negative energy about wrong really added up to her not being honest often smiling when looking at me saying cigaro is bad.
296. Doesn't like being proposed to to be denied, because marriage is serious to her and it wasn't her value to have to deny again.
297. When looking for a man, will say she has one out of flirting, which she does for a reprint not a life changing tattoo.
298. And working was her passion but she doesn't work in her free time to better herself to not return to the poverty state she is from.
299. Is the worst country for firsts, saying we act like we want for you to get over it. Why can't they calm down and ask what are you doing here what are you buying.
300. And thinks kids are to blame for anything wrong instead of the pancake.
301. Has a temper about doing things back.
302. Wants to identify moments that Walter was bad to me to get worse ideas of ways to treat me.
303. Says she wasn't an offering to god and is proud of herself.
304. Wasn't tried in court saying Hispanics own law.
305. Was very suicidal saying what she did wrong was attractive, and doing right wasn't perfect.
306. Tries to tell me that she wants to make me cry, then something happens to her body.
307. Wasn't a drink for health, saying she just authorizes something against sharing.
308. Does something negative about her wearing of clothes called she thinks of how she didn't make them.
309. Wasn't this proven official of Texas claiming she can find a Texan who is slow to distract me.
310. Didn't respect me when I said what she was doing claiming she is going to give me hell.
311. Says you must use every building, and I don't agree.
312. Wants something to do with me being sad and even filed that I have to tell her I'm not sad. What does that make me feel about you.
313. Your trying to believe her and she just crumbles as a soul.
314. Has some bad motivations to say I will be with people I haven't met instead of have met.
315. Wants something about my memory not working claiming she can penalize me and my family for celebrating.
316. Has something done with a swear that there persons better designed than me.
317. Has lots of inhibitions with not meeting code.
318. Doesn't identify the normal intention to be, always messes with.
319. Doesn't acknowledge that you don't have to hear me to be with me.
320. Teaches a value expected of bad, instead of having value intentions.
321. Produces what there is in front of you is most important, instead of your opinion and interest 
322. Says things like did I ask for your opinion which is neglectful and unmanageable.
323. Is abusive about her daughter doing it on her own claiming we do everything together
324. She says when she has attention, this is when she detached from her daughter.
325. Thinks that someone like me who needs attention in person is heavy, I'm really light when you comply with money laws because of my relation to balloons.
326. Really gets scared about being caught.
327. Hasn't lead a life of facts.
328. Wasn't the reacher for meditating.
329. Has wrongs and doesn't forgive herself.
330. Wasn't a making point for sincerity.
331. Has a problem with country music saying she feels left out.
332. Wants people to be better than me and doesn't consider having a hands off approach to business.
333. Claims to use her hands then says shebis doing it wrong by putting her hand son someone and something instead for memorization when I say that's what there used for and wasnt open to change 
334. Has a doing problem where when you are calm she do something to try and break your calm.
335. Has some company and laughs with them when she is wrong. How do I feel with wanting my company but she keeps working with Walter to hurt my concentration.
336. Doesn't support the identity for the code I know in my dad, claiming that people should act like him so they can get revenge to me being perfect.
337. Has wrong assumption that I am available and no I'm not.
338. Doesn't like her company of perfection saying they won't make her money.
339. An enemy holds there hand down telling her Heather is the only way and then she says I don't care if your an enemy any quality will be alright. They both don't care about my feelings of working in person is a lot more successful than in dreams.
340. Claimsbtonown mind control instead of birth control.
341. Doesn't feel the air claiming she isnt from California.
342. Is an outsider that we need to shoo from the window.
343. Has some dynamics that are uncalled for which means she should act nicely instead of mean.
344. Wants something really bad about attention and I don't want to pay attention to her.
345. She claims lives that died for me, instead of advanced that gathered 
346. Wasn't the offer of one person owning all of us, claiming the song is the only thing to go by.
347. Has thought that I am wrong for proving myself in writing saying who else does this. She doesn't know the gates of life.
348. In her innocence can't really talk.
349. Was a danger to herself and others many times because she thinks she isn't being watched or recorded.
350. Hasn't asked me what I feel about thinking with me telling her you don't do what it tells you doing something different than what your registering is more healthy. 
351. Had her son tell me what she would remember is that I smoke.
352. Revolves at the reading of Christ instead of a living person.
353. Has something about when I work I should fight.
354. Doesn't earn for the match, wants to be a slut.
355. Says I don't make sense in my market style when it's really her attitude problem in making things harder than easier 
356. Has a obvious problem owning plays with the landlord than learning about a possibility in the future.
357. Doesn't like acquiring the speeds of sound, claiming accessing yourself is illegal.
358. Claims she can find out how I work my body so that all Hispanic can wreck me.
359. Will play train songs as though she has made it past those Island Hispanic.
360. She claims people in the universe I am in spend a great long time on me, instead of my personal account being on.
362. They claim there the first step things and they aren't.
363. Has a real issue with being accepted by people she doesn't qualify for.
364. Gets depressed at playing the game because she doesn't calm down and realize you just have to ask someone to draw you a sunflower.
365. Was the worst case of waiting claiming she will be famous for something.
366. Puts people out of business by trying to attack me and my friend space and it kills people in her universes.
367. Has a dropping problem claiming she was never let go is the only method.
368. She thinks she is more important than mexicans, trying to become a white person through my energy of being hijacked from my friends.
369. Made a claim you can meet anyone through the body instead of nature.
370. Doesn't take it like a champ.
371. Doesn't give it her all.
372. Has something wrong with her get backs claiming me of the doctor should be with poor black people 
373. Tells me to say I don't have time for you, truth is you have to qualify and my only action with poor black people is to educate the answer.
374. Wasn't the young grace saying she doesn't flip her hair that way.
375. Hasn't asked me to do my hair again since the first time, I wonder if it is an insult.
376. Has a return saying you can say anything you want and that's not true 
377. Tries to be more spiritual then me and it doesn't work.
378. Wants to talk about how there are shows on TV being brainwashed by entering TVs.
379. Wants me to think that I want to be well liked by her and she doesn't kick up the slack so I dont really honor what she thinks of me.
380. Has a strong arm who attacks Hispanics, I have a strong arm on all people. She might want to put the arm away 
381. Has something designed for failure claiming she can do a ovulation surgery so I don't get what I want from pregnancy with my bipolar.
382. Has a bad cure claiming if you hold your breath your free.
383. Pends what she does for Christ instead of a white person and really doesn't hitch it up to be working around me.
384. Has a severe case of hot head not really making sense to my Renaissance.
385. Has what the reminder is aware of, that she didn't put the effort to remember the bank and I have had to remind her that psychosis isn't the answer.
386. Was bad at making calls saying my brother in his faggot ways has taken all of her energy. You could ask me what the answer is 
387. Passionately breaks the rule of burglary and says I better be granted amnesty, like it was my problem.
388. Has something that edges at the garden being owned by government parties in other countries instead of the us.
389. They get scared of their information being taken claiming they wanted to commit crimes without being caught.
389. Eases into talks with disease claiming she is alive in disease for the thrill instead of justice.
390. Wants to say something kind and can't find any outlets.
391. Thinks of me as her outlet and really I am someone that just redeems good behavior.
392. Refuses to give gifts to random people in order to figure her life out, claiming that's why I have a roommate.
393. Doesn't really go to the beach so she isn't part of my psyche group that supplies activations.
394. Didn't know I was owner of the storm meaning she is not from California which means she is a slave to me. Not cool that she won't go get the tattoo.
395. She thinks that leaving me hanging is a good idea.
396. Has a gross function to eat shit in her dreams while outside.
397. Doesn't really have loud poops.
398. She says she's afraid of changing when I think she is really afraid of getting caught 
399. Has an over the head offense saying it's our fault about the way she feels when the answer is delivered to her.
400. Incentives for sex make nonsense to her where people are classified for there net worth to Mulloy.
401. Wanted to be out of her way to worship instead of on the hollowgram.
402. Interacts as a dominant characteristics then dies pretty quickly 
403. Has something wrong with her sincerity.
404. Wasn't my fan or in my audience.
405. Has a real problem with kids being known. It's something I do a lot.
406. Was off the uses of drugs to cure her body, saying they were press releases and ways to be famous.
407. Treats me like a jewel she can give away.
408. Has a real nightmare of a financial situation from treating me the wrong way. 
409. Doesn't think that people are mad efor me, you can just go up to and tell anything 
410. Has had hard feelings a million times and I hate it 
411. Wasn't the young blood, only being a hard feelings at doing wrong about blood 
412. Gets really excited about blood and doesn't think that there rules and regulations 
413. Has this die embolism about blood instead of art.
414. Wasn't someone I could say an answer to, which disheartens me because then I have to make a major call and I have to hope they don't attack me from the future again from being unsubscribed to their services.
415. Acts stupid about her future attacking me.
416. Says do you think that I am stupid when I say that I know she is attacking me.
417. Says this is how I feel about you when she is comfortable to say she attacks me to be away from my friends and wasting space with those who love me and want to know what my thoughts are and they say no because then they would want to come over and have fun.
418. Uses gang signs to cover up her wrong instead of of all are living.
419. Screamed she is under attack when they were found making factories of wrong in my body.
420. I don't want actions to happen again and they say they can make money on being bad.
421. Said if I say bad thing they will back off and because you say what I say that it is your bad action, you will pay the price not me.
422. Is a real red flag trying everything she can to hate my friends.
423. Doesn't sprint showing a life of good.
424. Has something unacceptable about requests to do more wrong instead of of worse than the first wrong she committed.
425. Has a real feeling that she won't budge on my friend situation.
426. Is afraid even violent about influences saying only you can influence my daughter not your friends. 
427. Doesn't empathize with getting results, saying they can die for all I care.
428. Young happenings that know where would be produced for more wreckage instead of the answer.
429. Indivisible logic is seen by her as something to break 
430. Has a no no bubble and squeak in case someone acts nice about her bad, it's embarrassing.
431. Wasn't the real dreamer of computers saying she doesn't know how one works. Panicking isn't the answer.
432. Having a bland pallette makes her less liked by chefs.
433. Says she gets sad about me being a chef because ill never like her.
434. Places herself before her kids saying they are going to die without her.
435. Cues an instance of requests instead of asking.
436. Wants something to do with a bribe instead of earning money.
437. Has a crap of selections that don't mix with white people. Stay away from us.
438. Has some future issues stating she will never want a session of how she was originally supposed to be, claiming it was my fault how she acted.
439. Pries her eyes open in sleep to wake up early, very disturbing as a process because she isn't in love with me and never had my best interest in mind. And she will wake up tomorrow and see me again, taking my soul and saying her daughter must be protected from influences 
440. Can be a distraction when she plays music and doesn't follow it.
441. You can produce what a happiness is playing and it will go over her head.
442. Has something unmanageable for the mostly way, like gets wishy-washy.
443. You can bake a new dice and she will play dominos.
444. When the identity of the Republic she  was a Democrat. When they are all Democrat she's a republic.
445. Your the many and she wants to be one.
446. Profoundly identifies with police, but then when I explain to her that they are never supposed to make sense, wants to wreck a party or make known to persons with party rights 
447. If she was the CEO she would work for a wood company, only making sense to colors.
448. Your the inspired by the remedy out of becoming positive and she is kind of indifferent.
449. Has something itching in her booty 
450. Wanted a demand performing that identified people need to step forward before being trusted, but then wanted to penalize me for them hearing and understanding in a dream instead of me taking my time saying everything is alright with my publishing pack. I just really want people to listen to what I am saying.
451. Will think she is just a girl to turn guy on.
452. Pounding persons aren't good enough when just going outside.
453. Has a cadusus issue meaning she doesn't work for her waking state.
454. Has some really weird kite saying electricity was free and lies when it isn't.
455. Could be a remarkable transformation for someone but I just want to change her now.
456. Does think waiting would kill someone and I'm just asking her to be a little more responsible about what I'm asking if her.
457. Thinks these people need to respond for me and I can respond for myself.
458. Again thinks I'm rlerong for taking my time almost causing heart attacks saying she needs an answer now instead of of anytime.
459. Is the bad way to thinking she can tell people nevermind for me instead of letting me get what I deserve.
460. Says me finding an answer is all she ever wanted instead of what she said to herself which is she is caught and she might die.
461. When I say I am good at my job she says I'm mediocre. All over her bringing me food.
462. She didn't claim that me knowing rich Hispanic name was a threat. I wasn't asking anything from her and she whips out this whole distraction of mayhem that said I want to ruin your chance with Hispanic.
463. Providing that there are checkpoints, she still claims to know what I am doing.
464. Was astonished by money sound and hated love sound.
465. As there were yawns she says she could be contagious instead of her yawn. Yawn is there for contagion purposes, not your body.
466. Has something worse than normal Hispanics called turn around. Luckily I have Hispanic protection from Tiffany Cochran.
467. Proves the rhyme wasn't a rhythm, yet I know of some rhymes that are anomalies.
468. She has interest in water, can't help but notice the obvious things haven't been said yet.
469. Has some scare when we literal scare body, but her attention hasn't scared her yet.
470. To be more wide and tight is my advice but she keeps saying what about fun for my kids. Selfish.
471. Really want her to get out of the way, just go get your tattoo.
472. Had some biological weapons agreeing with another bad person.
473. Has no thanks for a grade, claiming she doesn't remember instead of buying zingers for the allure of the moment.
474. Has conspiracies that say that if I'm aeake she must keep going with this ignore friend philosophy to protect her daughter from influences. She makes it sound like a stadium and it really hurts.
475. I know my fertility rate is more efun with my husband, I just didn't need her doing work with her brain that she didn't prepare for. Were not Catholic, ere not begging her to work, we just want her to change trajectories and use the do not believe model so we don't get bad vibes to our future.
476. Your in a conversation and they say for the proven amount that we talked and discount whonibwas in a conversation with.
477. Proving where there are obvious trying plans could be kind of all of tobher.
478. When I was with the real provoking they said they now are doing a routine test even though I was already with someone.
479. Producing having moving wanting make sthemnfreaknout and sayvthey are staying for ten years 
480. Hosting a lot of bread makes them think of mold. Hosting a lot of cheese makes them think of yeast.
481. Your the rhyme, and when you ride there are divers, you can't be seen with her until your approved by the FBI.
482. Having no friends makes her feel faggot suicidal 
483. Hashes out complaints very rare, which I think her closing in on death days are ended thanks to animal collective.
484. Makes my husband do a deep voice instead of of being cool, like a billionaire.
485. I asked what is one way you could be a millionaire, and she says que. An attitude problem like I'm going to shovel them money even though they have refused my order 
486. Has been acting about being lazy against my order for her claiming she is scared for her life. That is no way to live.
487. Wanted to fish for bad things I did and she got scared when I said I can go all day.
488. Has some boredom issues, really needs to get the tattoo.
489. Has good astronaut bad astronaut syndrome, screaming and screaming about bad astronaut will be never a way she acts because of all insurance that would go against you if you were bad.
490. Know littlento nothing about our value to space claiming she is just a screamer.
491. Has something bad about people not being know saying you must be more known to get out of there grasp.
492. Noticed inws famous to MTV and just screamed really loud.
493. Proving for there to be more life, she says why do you look at space events, I dont like mybspace being bothered. I found out that was how she was committing all theses crimes 
494. Has a Consiousness finally saying how did info instead of im going to do it, get the tattoo.
495. Says complex confuses her and she would rather have the sun and the moon but I say there my closest family and that they would rather be with me than her.
496. In all effort to get people, she still says she thinks I'm a space criminal.
497. Has bad mojo about people stepping forward for me, and she says what am I supposed to be in life if I am not you, and she answered that for her a good citizen.
498. Proving she let off me from a happy holidays conclusion she locates me and grabs my whole sentromere claiming I'm not getting away that fast, I wasn't raised that way.
499. In what she knows about a computer she says will Galileo let me go, sayingbibin fact wouldn't let her go and she reversed it trying to cause me a problem.
500. Proves what she wants is my husband and he hates her because all he wants is to be with me when in cute and she wouldn't leave my uterusbalone., trying to put us inside of her.
501. Was livid about me saying I'm just saying I don't know how I'm doing everything and that I'm wrong I'm doing it the wrong way.
502. Loving was the real share of becoming, and she didn't become.
503. Was very short at family matters saying she has hard feelings.
504. Was a demon of gist saying if we hear her coming on that she should be acknowledged despite her mental condition.
505. Occurs as a small amount of work, meaning she is kind of inside the box.
506. Doesn't reveal herself, wasting time in a suspense mode.
507. Really faces a trivial pursuit when she claims that she deserves anything from me.
508. She is in a colloquial voice getting more and more aggravated then emphasizing a point and getting and giving off empty recall.
509. Has a dream about protection instead of of an embodiment.
510. Has some diction that is poorly managed.
511. Wasn't the ground work claiming her gardening work is grueling.
512. Has an illusion of work being a negative things, she has really tried to want me to think my work is hard, because she doesn't know the way out.
513. Plummets into her black holes saying I don't have anything, doesn't take a chance.
514. Has some really minor deficiencies, not using the value of standards being broad and vast claiming people have to stay in school for her, and she is lacking herself.
515. Wants some hostess like manners and I ask her can she produce a pile to play with.
516. Poorly knows law and order claiming being a low life with no values.
517. She thinks it's alright to just be allowed instead of perpetuating.
518. Has this order to vultures, claiming she someone dies they just sit there with a dangerous bird, instead of a universe owner.
519. Has a deep breath that hurts the general rapport of her stomach.
520. When she didn't grip at the truth, she realized she'll never be on time.
521. Has negative energy about how I fix people through tattoo.
522. Hears something exciting and reduces excitement so that I don't have a real life value to what was happening.
523. Has delegation problems claiming she just jumps in and does, instead of being a chef and assigning me to some cook work.
524. Has some significant bruises from people that say she isn't supposed to hide, and wants to get up and try again but she hurt them for what she hasn't been able to procure.
525. Integrity rarely comes by this person, saying she isn't known therefore why would I tell you my value.
526. Your mission isn't her fascination, claiming she doesn't know ass.
527. Wanted some riding for her future with a snappy style past, meaning she is kind of open mic than scissor about Armagnac.
528. In her wearing will find what she calls a complaint, saying she deserves hard attitudes as a Hispanic.
529. Was always picking fights as a kid.
530. Your baking and she is a pain in the ass.
531. Wants something for herself when she gets introduced to youz wrong timing.
532. Has a strong feeling that she is going through something, but won't ask for nothing.
533. Has some dignity from her pitch in voice but doesn't uphold an accountability meaning she is shy about making a space.
534. Wasn't the reality of a druid, but hold a fine line saying she might want to be nicer.
535. Wanted something habituated from us, but we don't think she is in the schizophrenia to be with me and she huffs and puffs and blows our house down.
536. Has some diet requests but will do something once and not really play for asking me what to bring home.
537. Does a hope and depreciates as dope.
538. Unstable as a free bird, but is unstable as a lion.
539. Uses the reminder of the road, instead of the street.
540. Was a dime a day instead of a nickel.
542. Eases into a drug state saying I'm a fine line as far as a 4th place being able to kill a 2st place, and no the only things I have said to her are hi and bye.
543. With me saying poquito Spanish, she has hard feelings saying I will teach you being grave and dim.
544. Wasn't the right to be as you shown, constantly trying to get me to be wrong.
545. Has an unstable outlook as far as what her position is consistently, unlike me who beyond all universes is consistently a chef.
546. Was confused why I'm a mom saying didn't know kids were there smartest self.
547. Has this delusion of being in my computer saying my errors were wrong instead of of for my family.
548. When challenged about how things as kids work, will say she will go over and over again until my daughter is not smart.
549. Has a bad appetite for joining burgerlers.
550. Tried to hide when we caught her for not understanding where information goes, and we say hey if you ever had interest in yourself we will be sure to send the information back to you.
551. Has some gomads which tell her to not disturb intention disturb and she gets scared, maybe she will make a tortilla to return to the ovary.
552. Thinks there are offers for gomads, and we say no it's just a puritan story.
553. Was a nice room then when I introduce myself she says room like it's gone.
554. Wants a weird time without words I don't know how that makes me feel especially with pancake.
555. Has some temperal lobe issues not really understanding my proposition involves her to tell people and give a link to my music, because that's what I have to offer.
556. Rights to believing don't really make her healthy.
557. Has some real life terror saying she is scared of computers.
558. Wanted to be nice but then said she doesn't have time and chimed in saying I know who that is.
559. Has some static meaning people aren't being taken care of.
560. Works for free would be like a slave than no one hurt.
561. Has a distant past which is dangerous to her young because to be close with the self is the only way to breath.
562. Tried to say what in my body makes me close and she doesn't know me, processing wrong information to hurt me instead of better me.
563. She could ask me about what information I proceed and I would know a lot, why won't she just calm down and realize there are ethics and morals getting processed in her treatment of me.
564. Gives a sexy look and I thought of a bipolar differential that what is good for her isn't good for her man, and they like switch, sounds low class and intolerable.
565. When said it's what you got she gives her a downer to try and make my consciousness feel weak. I'm eve strong because I have a lemon tree and she didn't make claims to change and make me feel good about being their roommate.
566. Was always negative about me cooking meaning she is trying to go snooping on what paperwork is done with my University credit.
567. Has something about saying yes and it really mensing no, about how she produces some false image of how I am off my path, and she doesn't think that things are emore powerful than her opinion.
568. She hurts herself to remember things, instead of the reference model that I am teaching.
569. Proving she was done, she says yes and looks at you like you will do bad and not have a baptism for your order.
570. Has some awkward touches, saying someone is gone instead of of playing how your in a nice way to learn how to say.
571. With bouncing around like monkeys will say why are we acting like kids as adults.
572. Tries to provide an understanding to what it means to be an adult and I don't agree.
573. We say she didn't make it, she really can't cool off until you tell her what she did wrong in life.
574. Is a drill sergeant to herself which causes a wrong attention to her.
575. Will be greeted with a welcome back trying to say everyone has a normal look, and I say no it's a game of preferences, to prefer the sunflower is the only thing that keeps you out of danger.
576. Has some real actions that haunt her, like with sex and drugs.
577. Didn't arrange a marriage for us to look onto as meridian, which means maybe she wasn't taught the answer.
578. Has something guided for her to stay out of trouble, problem is that they go off when she sees me and she hasn't understood my power that people obey me so they won't function while shes in my parameter of living.
579. They are scared of being wrong and I say things are wrong so I can fix them.
580. Has some dumb problems, hasn't addressed the issue by filing what she wants to know in English.
581. Works really for herself instead of a grand escheme of creation.
582. Is kind of more California than Hawaii, which means she's not really a lagoon modem.
583. Is kind of gullible with people and says anything is fun.
584. Had a dream that a sorry doctor would be the last wield of my life. She will be punished.
585. Has some roar about people dieing saying it starts from within. It starts with a statistic.
586. Has this attitude to just be with someone here, instead of anywhere.
587. Holds a stone saying time travel is dangerous instead of being an answer.
588. Wasn't this beauty of resilience, trying to hide in department stores saying compliments and not getting a good credit.
589. Had some hosts for happening, and kind of says there can be lenience, instead of wanting to give her information to participate.
590. Calls me a small deal saying they don't want me to get out of hand, but then say someone knows me like I was born yesterday.
591. Tries to appeal to things that aren't familiar, we just say no.
592. Has a bad vibe about me working on my own claiming who would I thank, you? And I say yeah, me. And they go into all of these dreams of foundation saying and you know this one? And I say how do I cum. I'm more spiritual than you, who is always causing some sort of distraction.
593. She tries for a person not to know me and ignores how nobody wants to be unknown claiming she will be part of someone without me so that she will have an outlet to hurt me.
594. Has something wrong with attraction not saying how my attraction deserves being alive like as a party circuit or online chat room.
595. Having no better things with her, says are you mean?
596. Claims her brain hurts and will still deny the answer.
587. Will say me being me is wrong and that I should want to impress them, they are acute not really having the life saving skills in have.
588. Says they hate the current program that I am a grip for.
589. Will think cussing is fun instead of a fate, makes me think god adds up the wrong and strikes them hard all at once.
590. Has some digesting of a possible working of a design to be something better than me.
591. Wanted some hunt saying all women are man.
592. Was a little less than the quota making her pancake say that would that be accepted, right under the line.
593. Has a thirst for violence.
594. Was trusted by very little, making me think of her as a criminal.
595. Her closest loved ones are disobedient and that's all she got to prove trust.
596. Has a squeegee saying when things are clean everything is okay.
597. Was crucial for my bragas but wasn't the breakfast I ordered.
598. Has delusions about sex and I don't feel safe with her.
599. Says she subrleribes to shopping instead of my life has already happened.
600. Owns what words would hurt her in hoping that I would say word 
601. Said my event credit was lousy because she couldn't do what I do.
602. Said this is the way I do it, claiming I have problems because I don't submit with their way.
603. Really failed at understanding me not complying with what you know about anyone you see.
604. Tried to say I was lower class than what I see and said she is someone I live with, nonim more mature than this.
605. Has something wrong with saying Walter is part of my terms and conditions.
606. Has done nothing about finding an answer yet they say they can sit in my body and say they hear when I lie, well I lie for nutrition and I don't like them being judgemental.
607. Has some reason to try and herd my friends and try to sell them.
608. Didn't think about a scene of consistency should be all that is done between us 
609. Has inappropriate thoughts about her lover saying it is responsible to be a faggot about limits instead of of everything fre and Blythe.
610. She doesn't understand run for your life until nothing is wrong.
611. Claims that I'm Walters lover instead of just a payee. And I say he won't know what to do when approached by any of my people when we say he and her have been to annecdotal and not liked enough to be something permanent or long term.
612. Tries to say we break up but I want the place which would make me friend and they overly think and assault me where a judge would tell them if they have a break up thought to take it slow and let me think and make my answer.
613. Has some false information about me.
614. Said some things she wants false and incant help her because I am just an exclamation point to them because I have seen them without the tattoo.
615. Wanted more for her royalty instead of casual.
616. Wants me to be threatened claiming people in the airport are violent instead of models for me.
617. In her defense, she just says she is Hispanic 
618. Thinks words she doesn't like could be taken out of my dictionary, not understanding her disrespect just sign on that your born.
619. Wasn't the real incentive to make money, claiming she didn't really feel like listening to music. Sounds like a disease.
620. When approached with sex she thinks life or death when I present that I already knew the answer to std.
621. She tries a long time at hating and little time at being happy.
622. She want a clean freak, and is kind of out at Hollywood 
623. Was driving a fake cause called take over negative, and I don't even instruct her because I takeover positive.
624. Wanted a dowry from being in my place, and they don't even think you have to do what I say.
625. Someone said , why would I want to be that, and they say there not doing anything because they are not the first ones.
626. Has something bad about medicine when you say it she doesn't connect that it is for something.
627. Has scene of depression with medicine saying she doesn't like that the body serves what to call for the medicine.
628. She doesn't make a feed of her drug usage claiming she didn't want anyone to know, kind of like a clench.
629. Hasnt got a movement that there was deafness she should be subscribing to instead of arguing with me.
630. Doesn't think she is responsible for negative energybsltowards medicine. We already read your story.
631. Thinks that the freeness of air shouldn't be contained making this the gutterall fear of taking a medicine.
632. She doesn't make decisions for herself.
633. Asks us what we know and that can she just join. Not very memorable.
634. Has something negative towards what she is going to do when she finds out unmapped her.
635. Your the making of a deeming and she gets a get you back attitude.
636. Pronounces a seed to bought as a thing she wants to go through instead of of implying remainders.
637. Has something weird about finding her gifts, and then occurs as a being of water not really engaged in the moment.
638. Wants a angry mob saying I'll get a heart attack.
639. Claims to go against science siding with terrorists saying smoking is bad.
640. Thinks people are without nature, and says are you really in nature like it's my first time.
641. Has really awkward flows saying did I do this right as the answer was known to her.
642. Says I'm a bad influence to Walter by partaking in what my simulation has to offer.
643. Is a obligation when people do bad, saying she is a shaman making spancodes for little therapies and this is also awkward because she kills people in her simulation saying she can't think of anything is how she starts her therapies.
644. Doesn't become a gypsy and hates to be big.
645. She owns herself is a goal, after missing out on partying on ete.
646. Tried to punish me by partially slicing my stomach, saying your time is perfect saying she will try to find all of my importance that prevents me from being caught.
647. We Friday payday and she doesn't need our attention yet eggs on that your with me and I will be bad.
648. Has some fungus problems not really knowing why she is disliked.
649. Has a real demeanor of a garlic because she can't think straight saying only a few people at a time.
650. Is something productive towards being heard, instead of a god.
651. Says if she were to be caught she would want it to be some long strenuous process and then says she would rather malcompute than be with God.
652. Your better off telling her she's good than bad.
653. She thought she could count the amount of times I defined her name which is bad and I told her this has got to stop until she gave up.
654. Has a dearly fired personality saying it would be easy to fire her.
655. Claims to practice creative direction on my body to say she will work while I stay at home so that she can trick the system. Is have her fired immediately to say she was a shrewd saying she gets more power from not mentioning and acting nice to.
656. Wasn't my friend.
657. Has a big fart from her rudeness.
658. Is someone ill never love.
659. I don't want her love because it makes me think of torturing people.
660. Wasn't my guide to Hispanic claiming she is most pure.
661. Has some fake usage of my time which I tell her can you play with a hakey sac.
662. When I tell her things straight forward she crumbles and turns to a black dot.
663. I tell her leave me alone and she says yes that's what I expected.
664. Has some free trial problem saying she wants to hurt me forever.
665. Has some issues with ironing saying it hurts her back.
666. Has a real bad social style called your on the street 
667. Wanted to say she is over the street but then Walter says what about his altimatum and then she joins saying if you tell anyone to talk to me you will live on the street.
668. She is really bold.
669. Has a dry toe she never uses.
670. She doesn't like nature's way of saying anything, claiming there are winners and losers.
671. Tries to use my baby space to introduce herself.
672. Has some bad freedom when hearing drugs.
673. Thinks of social status like she can climb through her muerte.
674. She calmly performs condolences and for that she will be unfortunate.
675. Has some rag lime qualms saying it has meaning instead of needing to be washed.
676. Your looking at her and she tries to drain her bad energy.
677. Tells a story of why people talk.
678. Rights of destiny are barely there 
679. Your fostering an answer and she is playing a hide and seek game.
680. Has some real mad problem when you size her.
681. Says look at my ass to people of her own culture, kind of discriminatory.
682. Do you have time and I say no and she just says I thought I thought I thought.
683. Has some buddy lie saying she would let someone go in a heartbeat 
684. Intends a song would break her.
685. Says she wasn't interested to hear my daughter sing.
686. Has some illogical credit to why burglary happens.
687. Was definitely coined to break psychology, telling me to choose psychology to break me.
688. Has some rebellion on being a house cleaner saying she wasnt a pool or a ocean.
689. Is scared of her body amountingbto a substance 
690. Thinks for people on my end talking to her is impossible.
691. Wanted to have sex out of people than working for me so they could service my body viruses and diseases 
692. In her forecast that isn't in the round said she will want to see what I think.
693. Patterns for emptiness instead of being found.
694. Your in the fail and she tries to stop my power.
695. Believes at looking at me to tell me to stop telling the truth.
696. Has something made from a start to tell me to stop.
697. Sorta thoughts to find if I'm in a relationship then they should die.
698. She wants to do hog spotlight like she was a celebrity.
699. Was susceptible to brainwashing from fellows who also have charges.
700. Emphasizing wasn't the reason for her to quit, she just doesn't when you have done a lot.
701. She thinks making people nervous is fun.
702. Your a seperation and she thinks that's acceptable.
703. Wanted something princess and tries to use my face to cover her insecurities.
704. Has this intelligence that is not found, just vomiting.
705. Wasn't the friction of safe sex.
706. Lays around making a helping hand, but stands and you say what don't you do.
707. Cival innovation meant a court room, not a convention.
708. Wasn't the reason for a smoke.
709. Has a deep Buddha saying she can ignore.
710. She reveals a bland function when you don't think about her.
711. Poses applications in animals are dangerous than her.
712. Owns an illegal operation to take people hair and make her animals do what they are instead of what she is.
713. Has something bad with fighting podcasts so video was more important than radio.
714. Says she should be a dominatrix and it really takes time.
715. Wants to convince my dad that timing was an issue with me.
716. Was a real counter part saying how do we stop things already bought.
717. Thinks her charges are a group commitment wanting to believe she can control what has already happened didn't happen.
718.  Does threaten me in her dreams.
719. Has some humor from dog which I don't tolerate.
720. Has some life rights that aren't compatible with Mulloy.
722. Has a real bad kiss saying you don't come back.
723. Wanted some rude playing with your bossy not being an immediate no.
724. With a drop of Jupiter would claim why am I on.
725. In her music selection finds tenors to be a problem because they will help me.
726. Hate that I am by myself.
727. Wasn't a intinerary.
728. Is a dumb bitch
729. Thinks she can make money with grouping up with her fellows that has charges 
730. Has a dubbing that is never received.
731. Makes a plan and breaks it 
732. Has no usual review plotting demises.
733. And Hispanic say she can kill someone if they talk to her straight up.
734. Was a dock at a park, meaning she hides from being known to any life.
735. She asks if it's safe instead of engaging in poles to make her way safe.
736. Was so hysterical at crime not remaining calm.
737. Has being a social unanimously, not at random.
738. Has rarely reflected asking me how I reflect.
739. Wasn't a good sport stboueces claiming she could have a piece from another person.
740. Was saying low places exist instead of her existing.
741. Has no respect to my mushroom always flying one.
742. Thinks I'm always ordering from her and I just am so pissed that she has a epilepsy about it.
743. Was telling me she's the only one that said I need you to check another place 
744. Says there are evil people instead of turning in her thoughts hearing from after 1000 babies.
745. Has a sort of disappointment when pinned and coined for continuing a weather warning instead of of activities to promote brain health 
746. Will say what's going on like she hasn't been to the beach.
747. Tries to hurt herself and says she isn't CIA.
748. Was burning helpings of food and served them like she was a Bible.
749. Has an inspection issue like she is the one with the power of the moon to just skim the surface and she hasn't though it is someone's heart which is dangerous because the opposite thought is to search me and I don't want that either.
750. Has some passion for TV which she uses right from wrong, if only she would turn it off when she went back to her life.
751. Was in a place that deems no creation.
752. Asks why when served that I have found what the origin is, which kind of annoyed me.
753. Says my project isn't mine claiming I don't want to dream.
754. Had a fission issues going to the center of the body several times.
755. Reads her game will be owned by the cops, not me at all.
756. Wasn't the best impression of me to the cops claiming she wants to talk bad about me behind my back.
757. Says my holding self poses are owned by someone else other than me.
758. Think what me is God is suffering for me to explain to people, it is just based on if you do as I say.
759. They think they keep there dreams of me to kill me claiming I had a dream, I know it was you, and now I deny you because it's not fair that other people don't get to do that.
760. Has something hostile about my life I have earned coming true to me.
761. Will say she can omit parts of my story to make me feel less safe and no I don't omit.
762. Says it doesn't matter to me because I'm rich and she is wrong, I have a deep feeling that the earth is fun not garish.
763. Has some building issues where she doesn't know where to start 
764. Says everything is a learning experience instead of a meditation.
765. Has something wrong with having latency, claiming it was difficult to make a living.
766. Likes to be aware of the movie to come out of the closet instead of of the front door.
767. She thinks she has enough money to sustain the place and instead it was me and my relation to lemon.
768. Has a dude way to say people I love are now patients asking for their shit and attention and no they aren't patients there from my excitement.
769. Has something about offending her that sounds delightful for everyone to offend her and then she'll feel welcomed but isnt.
770. Has a cram never policy saying everything is about her way to ignore vital nutrition and have hard feelings.
771. Doesn't tapdance.
772. State of the economy isnt an issue for her.
773. Why she is in shock is she has no outlet from the future.
774. If she were to create, it would be the umpteenth album for her citizenship to my country.
775. Wasnt a regular hippy meaning she's not really my designer.
776. In a minute she wants more crime.
777. Has timers and death clocks that aren't placed in an ete system.
778. Has something blasted about her Honduras, where mine is about swimming.
779. In a lot of gliding for the river of times makes a hole and drains her freedom.
780. Is aware of paid for and thinksnissueing me a self frustration snack dream is appropriate 
781. Has some bad fruit where she wants to hurt people.
782. Has something concealed about when family is turned away she wants to annoy and disturb thinking she is teaching me a lesson.
783. Has some bad quality and time couldn't heal her.
784. Had some presidential delusion saying they are leader instead of who they are.
785. What is merging safety if she doesn't learn the language.
786. In a dominant qualm will blame.
787. Has a doing for exhibition saying she can't reverse her life.
788. Wasn't tracking a decision that my dad would like her.
789. Is kins of a let down, where is the reach out?
790. Wasn't a dealer, has this play as much as I want attitude.
792. Has a relation saying there is a lot of people but isn't associated.
793. Has some gallon size not mini pint.
794. Really isn't that energy of the upcoming, makes me swerve and do a car wreck when I hear her juggling trust.
795. Potential of fun wasn't her hype, but like I said she thinks of being judgemental about the effectiveness of my programs.
796. Has something about ready set go, and hey propulsion is something for the early succeeds where people are incoming and they feel awkward because she didn't do the job in getting the tattoo.
797. Has something unique from solidarity claiming that work happens first, where I think first is morals, so yeah she might be an enemy of mine.
798. Has a met language obsession saying yay we meant and it hasn't really come through in her actions.
799. She makes me feel weird about being a soul, wouldn't you get to know someone before you have sex with them. And what if there's nothing to know.
800. Having this effect about my situation when I talk about the Indian people reforming government, she says hold on.
801. Plays steal my stuff I leave in the bathroom and I just say I'll buy some more instead of subscribing to her dad sorry mom example.
802. Says she wants me to be her and I think that would twig out my kids because it wasn't said correctly, in going to take them from you. I don't like taking stuff from my kids.
803. Has a huge inebriation about tomatoes not realizing she has to make them food 
804. They found out in play cop get mad and best up other cop games and instead of them registering that it's one on one they show concern for the self and hate me.
805. Wanting me to be cook is why this happens, although I can't help how big things get when there is disobey and violence. She did this to me and I don't like her just ignoring tattoo.
806. Has actual dissatisfaction, so she needs to step back and face her issues and not be in my way.
807. Has a light texture and she thought I would get addicted instead of saying my texture was equally as satisfying.
808. Said animals in the sky aren't true and I don't know how to fix that.
809. Is an immigrant and she better always be affirmative to shut the fuck up. 
810. In a doggy style probably wienies because she has claimed my kids don't defend themselves unlike her kids. I just know that everyone is different.
811. Has some diet issues.
812. Doesn't pray before meals.
813. Only talks from home and when she's out she goes to a service that I dismantle naturally and I wish the code worked more.
814. Likes to do hair but works in a kitchen.
815. Has intolerable transitions claiming funky fresh isn't enough 
816. And she shows before a giver your all but all would be a nice song, 4th place is very after thought 
817. In her young claim didn't give in to the sucre.
818. Has something foolish about newscasters, and they wanted her butter plea and she makes a healthy claim there, sonis dangerous to my closest allies.
819. Has this bedded cage heart and doesn't turn on until you see a crappy cage.
820. Might be allergic to refrigerators because she keeps food in there for such a long time without trimming, making a whole ordeal Everytime she cleans it.
821. Doesn't detach herself without something spiritual.
822. Likes something about little bites, I'm a number on mouth I don't think her style is us, but I appreciate French sometimes.
823. Having a drill for leaving hasn't been made yet.
824. She definitely forgot that police come by, because I have never seen her practice talking.
825. Is kind of a volcano, very village instead of city.
826. Will say she needs to learn but I need love.
827. Has a bad part of inviting not really taking chances.
828. Wants more rates and I tell her you've got to get in the program.
829. Wanted a full report from day one, and I got enough action it's just could she listen to herself instead of getting a mushroom.
830. Will is for freedom ands needs a wake up call.
831. And make a debate over goalsninstead of my own decision 
832. Day of the race went in her texture 
833. We ask what do you want because she could just hear voices over and over again for a long time.
834. Sounds a little tired.
835. Misinterprets on purpose, kind of annoying 
836. In her awbat life will just drain from her strange section.
838. Has some demands for immigration and I just ask her to be professional not invoking me with church or some god worship song.
839. They say they have heard greater than me and we ask them how does without the answer sound.
840. Has a begging nature meaning she isn't my daughter.
841. Has what there is in celebration but would rather bravo, that could get her in trouble.
842. She says she knows because she is told but we say direly as the last people that you really got to not believe and create yourself.
843. Thinks she has rights as a rockstar to not care about creation and that it will all pan out.
844. I only use myhtears for creation with my family and she took offense because she cries out of inability to understand.
845. Has a coward inside claiming were big beef. As if we can't empathize and have conversation.
846. Was a nut about tea, but it lasted for only 10 seconds.
847. Has thoughts about going to jail being a good thing and we say to each there own.
848. Has strict regulations about guard first and I say family first.
849. Breaks oral hygiene saying she will control me.
850. Has a wrong temper, you should really think if I have anything pressing that I need her to do 
851. Want really necessary for my supply.
852. Wasn't really necessary for my support 
853. They keep playing kill Heather which is immature.
854. Made my pledge of environmentally consciousness after saying I have to do my pledge before your delusions 
855. As wanting the written bank, confirms some negative sections.
856. Has decadence in a dork, a whales dick.
857. Keeps up these reproductive games that make me think she was treated bad in the emergency room.
858. Has some deep romance but kind of squirms.
859. Let's people be instead of recreation.
860. Has a Pinterest account, they have acted disinterested so far 
861. Has this timidness at coming home like I was a monster.
862. Wants to grind a feed and likes the outcome.
863. Has something strange with identifying, saying it's not normal to just recgonize stuff.
864. Our happiness is there flush away, and she acts like I want to smell her shit.
865. Has worst case scenario thoughts which makes any project look like a contender because we're just fun and they just ask for help which in my code is seen as week where they think clearing the mind is weak 
866. Has a roach affection, and I think their gross.
867. Plays what do I get instead of what do I have.
868. It is really a combination from us, where she is left out engaging in time wasting 
869. Tries keeping frogs that belong to me and I tell her we can do art and she gets lazy.
870. We know using the bedroom should be crazy from us but why won't she take a taste of living like me, kind of suspicious of her thinking about how she wanted my style abolished for her daughter.
872. She makes mess and doesn't clean it up.
873. She has some bathroom reasons that I run into, when I have to go she is in there and I know these are deep seeded issues.
874. Says learning what cops say is more important than giving them something to do.
875. There are no outlets for death, why do I say to her she came do the same as me if she is just going to call me dead.
876. Wants a live picture and I don't want to supply until she gets the tattoo 
877. Has some grapevine so I've got to be on best behavior. I don't like that she makes me feel this way that my job with my dad would be tatted all because of why she wants to talk with her grapevine and hasn't at all looked at my grapevine.
878. Upon saying we're games she uses a hypnic jerk to pretend like nothing is happening.
879. Has a dope friction saying she is not in charge of my life and think I would compell with her making me look bad.
880. Has a depth from sex saying if I talk a certain way I am having sex.
881. Has some ignorance when my dad is right saying you should know the psycho actives like I am a mania that would make responses for her.
882. Helps with against me saying who would like someone always better than.
883. Feels sad that I have a big gift coming for them which makes some think after all that time they haven't critically thought about what I'm talking about.
884. Has a big night in store and she should be out like a lump in a log and they test if I remember them well could you just put your life on instead of bothering me.
885. Has some wrong use that is around the sock being inside the body, out a sock in it. Gross.
886. Why does she snicker it makes my chest hurt.
887. Upon lieing to them about my chest hurting they say come back like I have a problem with identifying my information.
888. My dad says she needs something and she gives off a huge sigh like they are in love. They haven't even met, which is annoying because then she makes lies about if I met you I met your dad and she has some serious problems falling in love without the nature imprint.
889. We really think they need to get scared about never meeting him my dad because he will make there California a living hell.
890. She thinks laying down as a snack is healthy and it's not.
891. I think she would be forgiven if she smokes a lot.
892. Why does she value my health if she's the lowest health, she should just moral.
893. She doesn't like crews and claims what she likes to do is say my friend share ignored by me and will make someone else the queen.
894. Causing problems never feels good, I have some music for her but she refuses to get on the first step.
895. Wanted rules for the riot which I can't serve her until she is death free.
896. Has something wrong with her smile saying she brushes a animal ass.
897. Was soon to be disembodied from refusal to being reasonable and learning English with me, the rich really boycott her deeply.
898. Has something for the wrong simplistic ways getting really complex and pinching at her wealth.
899. Has some sort of disorder with freedom, has her opinion and refuses to get interested and just blobs.
900. Still haven't gone out foraging and hiking with her which she might be getting punished by her services when she leaves the house and hasn't valued me as a major value in her life.
901. Says she would be fine with forget me and I say why waste time I could get another roommate in here pretty quickly.
902. A lot about satisfaction not action.
903. Has some right to world but hasn't activated it 
904. Continues to say she is not going the right way.
905. Being with her in the evening looks forward not back like me, we would be having a lot more fun if she had brain training.
906. Resolves a less likely factor that I would admit guilt, which I don't feel guilty I feel like she bypasses organization and just buys more stuff.
907. Uses me for a moment of silence when I say hi when they get home but their silence kind of hurts because why is a greeting not the first thing they think of when they see me.
908. Has some suspicious behavior about greetings being grueling because she doesn't like following the itinerary.
909. I have the relaxation for me, not her, you really have to work at it.
910. Wanting to belong is a arcade I see in her, instead of reaching a climax and going at it.
911. Was destructive towards business not claiming she didn't know me when I was 17.
912. Has some bulky take back where she didn't know why being persecuted has to do with your dreams.
913. There is only one way and her son embarrassed himself saying outbid his whole life how do I get good chemicals. 
914. Procuring a decoded signing on of men, says it is appropriate to throw her embarrassing son in.
915. Has a breast augmentation, not layering effects for her earth.
916. When people are brainwashed she will say you will never get out and that hurts.
917. Was never a jew, so why not burn one and save one.
918. Preoccupation is her problem leaching onto my atherosclerosis.
919. She thinks Hispanic owns hospital and we say your chances of their being medical win with no hospital is really disheartening because she isn't representing medicine correctly.
920. She thinks that being negative and wrong and bad in medicine is a funny laughing thing.
921. Wasn't the reprint of our dreams claiming her security issues aren't her problem.
922. Doesn't like my natural style otherwise she wouldn't mess with me.
923. Has something wrong with identifying materials as though she never partied and wanted to go back in time gives her a headache resorting in something under in her which is a god like hospitalization and all she has had to offer us is a poor quality hospital.
924. When I say killed my family she laughs saying I won't be treated bad as though she was enough well liked to kick the death spell.
925. Has something incentive for the problems not solving saying why not always be a malformation.
926. Proving she is a pervert startled with asking if people that don't know their baby names are free from malpractice.
927. They act like Mal means to own malpractice instead of of a tamale.
928. People named Mal instead of me mull has had some problem with treating the bodies consciousness to lousy lazy and wrong instead of being a holistic approach that cures start with plants being named for you.
929. Gives the making the protest would mean she stays at home and watches remnants on the news.
930. Pacing has a scare with her.
931. Initiated a playing when say how I don't have a mal portion.
933. Rides of states that one day she will be a citizen having agreed enough.
934. Using what provokes her makes her go nowhere, so they are more in need than me 
935. Doesn't make me think of the flight like a coward, and I wonder if they are aggravated in flying, kind of a dangerous substance.
936. They are enemy is a game and I don't think we really have any aspects of enemy to them which she used to propell fame style worship osess happy things in just afraid of pissing her off because of she has something she does when someone pisses her off then she is like a liability because she hasn't proved to me that she is trusted.
937. You like married until you meet them and they say how serious everything is that they will make you feel blown just to say they can get away from commiting a crime against you.
938. The tea leaves are timely and I don't know why rare things initiate there work. Intake offense because buying increases morals, not freedom.
939. In a divided consciousness wants something to be for her when I'm getting my flowers picked.
940. Has some dispelling to positive energy, even someone like me reverts toba small drop of water and pensive towards people who don't know what there doing and need to step up and reward me. Makes me think of her as a cat and she should go out and get people their dispell like I'm not the only one without a mal complex.
942. In a cycle she just goes to sleep, if only she knew the nature of quantifications, buying one thing for so long it's got to change.
943. Why is she so interested in me when disease is illegal.
944. She sort of fills in her greys by saying she has met me and I don't like that it is a emotional show instead of an empress 
945. Interest in bad is starting to make her shutdown which makes me wonder if she is a tool for someone.
946. On a team make her happy so she just needs to ask me if I need anything and maybe I'll warm up to telling her she did something wrong. And nothing will probably happen until she is a woman.
947. Was eager to be my roommate and still subscribed to end instead of making a nice new scene praising that she wants money for dreams.
948. A happiness can be cured with a nice massage, and she would give a massage instead of thinking about how massuses need a tattoo to be void of all of the viruses and germs. So isn't cleanly and is stubborn.
949. Didn't engage in massage for a long time after buying massage chair and saying she practiced was a celebration for her, but me I just keep shooting that she wants me to think of her sex and I think it's inappropriate.
950. Someone that thinks of settings works for most people but in a connection she will give up on improvement and just carry on underperforming.
951. Is hard hit mostly about beauty which makes me think of she would try a little harder than maybe I would see myself in her. She already says she isn't me unless she is with her mom making me think we really jumped a lot of guns and she should practice stepping back using her fingers to track if she has anything she can do instead of using a chemical nature about me.
952. A scenario for women makes her cautious instead of of conversational.
953. Young dealing for the minutes for the rest of the time allows beating that own for the reminders for the space of her doings.
954. She has some back to you lacking.
955. Said when I make errors I get mad and I don't.
956. Has some undergraduate lacking not really taken the US seriously that school is number 1.
957. Your the recipe of the many and can try and face challenges that aren't predetermined, and she doesn't understand this because she thinks she can take credit for my challenges.
958. Will ask me about my parts and doesn't think my body metabolizes on my own.
959. Said my acceptance to her being interesting depends on my next thing I say instead of my whole body statistic across the universe.
960. I want to grow a number for her and she hasn't given me an outlet 
961. Becoming made her unfed, like she loses 
962. She has played looser and it makes me sad 
963. Making her happy was simple but didn't become her mentality which makes me curious if she has a libido problem from not knowing how to play.
964. Has sour feelings about me I don't know how much I can tell her.
965. Was demeaning to persons who want to tell her the game saying that I have to make it on my own, and she doesn't own quantifying so we say well why don't you get your makeup done as well as the hair.
966. In her gross profit found she really doesnt value the kinks first.
967. In a model updo could be the queen of pumpkin but pumpkin has some ass way that creates obesity sonis normal the source of obesity.
968. Hears me say to my distance that she thought of my body but it should be unrecognized because I don't know about her body, so she doesn't know my body. And she says there is one last thing to check like she is a sales gimmick.
969. Has something done and she sleeps for a long time and wakes up and it's like the same person that doesn't do it right and gets commended for bad and I hate them.
970. Wasn't the involved might of the specialty of my Hispanic which was created beforbei even met her. Has been stubborn about food saying her way is number one Hispanic and I know she is her own angel but I don't want my food to be less all because she refuses that I have a past. A good normal would just study me and work and sleep.
971. In a high call there is amount you have to eat because of how her heat works.
972. Has strong fat signs which means us lean oysters need some guidance in communication to how to introduce her when saying our boat of a house is on.
973. Your a really unfed road making it to the reminder that she owns her install. It wasn't important to her, and she hasn't really owned a computer.
974. On the last second of life she would say something about the brain which would offend my dad because he says to be a doctor means to be in love.
975. When I shout she pretends to take pictures of me to say that I do bad by shouting at my dad, and she really didn't ask who I am shouting to, some friend.
976. Will shape up at the end of the day thanks to our power but I look at her in the morning in the afternoon and see her so far away saying she's scared she doesn't know what will happen and that's where activities come in handy and there are feeling of loss.
977. Her feelings of loss really keep her away from getting me happy and excited doing things I say still haven't gotten a single thing I say.
978. What if she goes to jail without a cookbook, I would laugh.
979. Says I don't come across as ambitious as I am and I think she is foolish for making harsh negations after me my perfect self .
980. Has no work done.
981. Wants this impact for forgetting instead of of growth.
982. Is a mad hatter really comes to the tea party all confusing and deloused.
983. And she is irrevocable.
984. Has bad Sissy skills, saying you can say anything to her sister.
985. Is a bad example.
986. Doesn't decorate the whole house in her cluck cluck hen ways saying that she is better than me who have them something 
987. Is exploring the wrong way without my position.
988. Keeps inquiring on me as baby and we keep telling her your going to get in a lot of trouble because I'm confidential.
989. Really types up her snore not a chore.
990. I'm more advanced at food and she is in for a rude awakening if I hear her complaining about the food I eat.
991. Has some immature sensations when I do something for myself thinking she is from the highest place and she isn't taking my skills correctly I ask her to be calm snd she rants all this excess that is wasteful.
992. Wasn't a good reputation to me.
993. She keeps trying to assure me that I'm alone. At this time in my life I really like having a lot of dream friends from school.
994. Only in person if your not going to do it in person then you snooze you loose.
995. Has a para problem proposing she'll be nice if you die.
996. Was a better for her person saying if I don't feel like talking to her than she assaults me.
997. Has these interests in hurting my system and I don't want anything to do with being her family.
998. She claims to be rich on bad and I say bitch I will put all her money in a bailiff in a heartbeat.
999. If your a diligent you would know not to mess with me, I guess not a diligent.
1000. I gave her advice and threw it away returning my clip board I gave her saying it's good for her to let it be known that my project is now in the trash. That hurts.







I have something to say.


























,




aleqystio 
